Migrate wasm languages to dev docs (#1177)
fermyon/developer: content/wasm-languages/powershell.md

date = "2024-02-18T01:01:01Z"
title = "PowerShell and WebAssembly"
description = "PowerShell cannot be compiled to WebAssembly."
tags = ["powershell", "webassembly"]
template = "page_lang"
[extra]
author = "Fermyon Staff"
url = "https://github.com/fermyon/developer/blob/main/content/wasm-languages/powershell.md"

---

PowerShell is consistently ranked among the top programming languages.

> However, it is not generally considered to be a general purpose language like [C](/wasm-languages/c-lang) or [Python](/wasm-languges/python).

Author: ```suggestion
However, it is not generally considered to be a general-purpose language like [C](./c-lang.md) or [Python](./python.md).
```
